OFF-SCREEN: Zac, [inaudible]?
ZAC: Yeah, dude.
OFF-SCREEN: See you dude, thank you very much!
ZAC: Later, bud! Bye! Cool. What’s up, everybody?
We’re going to do a little bit of Periscoping of
the setup for the show. Maybe when I switch back
the focus will actually work on the camera.
MATT: Hi, guys!
ZAC: We haven’t shown you guys in a while how we
set things up and all the stuff you’ve been
getting for us and how we utilize that. We’ve been
doing a lot of lighting stuff. You can see here,
this is some of the colored lights you guys have
bought. Right there. We’ve got the mood lights
behind Matt now, which are down here. Okay. These
are all the Philips hue bulbs that you guys have
been helping us out with that allow us to also change
colors on the fly. It might be a little while
before we get a system down that we really like.
We’ve got some more down here. Hidden around the
set. What eventually we’ll be able to do is
control lighting based on the mood of what’s
happening in the show, so we can do subtle gradient
changes of things as things get more intense.
Stuff like that. We’ve got the hues set up
throughout there. Our mic setup for this show is
pretty intense. We’ve got the six mics on the
side. Then we’ve got the two mics on Matt. One in
case he stands up, another on the table. Do do do
do! Let’s see what else we have back here. Oh.
Should probably show you guys what Critmas looks
like around here. Actually, it’s a lot more
condensed now because they’ve been preparing for
it.
LAURA: (shrieking) Oh my gosh!
ZAC: Oh my god. We’re going to-- there’s so much stuff.
LAURA: This is the best thing ever!
ZAC: So guys, you fill up our studio with stuff.
Like, a lot of stuff. A lot of people also send
stuff to us at Geek & Sundry for the Twitch
channel to help things run well. That’s all stuff
that’s been organized that we use from show to
show and for Critical Role. Yeah. All those boxes
you saw are for Critmas. It’s all crazy stuff.
I’m not going to reveal what Laura’s doing right now.
We’ll let you guys see that later.
LAURA: Wait, are you Periscoping?
ZAC: Yeah!
LAURA: But they want to see it! Don’t they want to
see it?!
ZAC: Okay, fine! Okay. Laura found a new friend.
LAURA: Oh, well, this is early Critmas because
it’s so big. So it’s Trinket! Look at him! He’s
everything I ever dreamed of. I’ve just been
hugging him for about five minutes now.
ZAC: You’re coming by tomorrow for the World of
War-- sorry, Warcraft. I keep calling it World of
Warcraft and I’m going to get fired if I keep that
up. It’s just Warcraft movie. Laura and Travis are
going to come by tomorrow.
LAURA: I don’t even know if they realize that
we're voice actors for it.
ZAC: In the movie?
LAURA: No! Just in the game!
ZAC: Yeah. I think they do, since we suggested you
guys come by.
LAURA: Oh, you! He’s so adorable! Where is he
going to hang out?
ZAC: I don’t fucking know! Where’s all this stuff
going to hang out?! Are you serious?
LAURA: Hi, buddy!
ZAC: I’m excited that you guys are finally opening
all these boxes because this is what our fucking
studio looks like all week.
LAURA: He’s so soft and pettable, too! Seriously,
do you want to hang out with Trinket for the rest
of the night? Would it be weird if I didn’t play
and I just hung out right here?
RYAN: I’ll just put him right behind you.
ZAC: I wouldn’t feel bad.
LAURA: Hi, guys.
ZAC: Should we put him in the corner?
LAURA: Yeah! Put them both! Is it weird to have
double Trinkets?
ZAC: Oh, we’re not putting both; there’s no room.
LAURA: Wait, why is his armor off?
ZAC: Because it’s being finished. The armor’s
being finished. Go ahead and throw this one on
set. Have fun with that. Okay. There we go.
LAURA: Come on, Trinket! I’m going to trip.
RYAN: Please don’t.
LAURA: Oh no!
ZAC: Guys, these are our giveaway towers, just so
you know. She asked me. She told me, dude! I was
hiding it and she was like, “No, come show it!"
That’s all on her.
LAURA: I’m sorry! He’s going to stand behind me!
ZAC: Guys, these are all the giveaways we have.
That we give away throughout the week. All of our comic books and
stuff here. We have all of our board games, other
stuff. All sorts of stuff. Heroclix giveaways,
Critical Role giveaways. All the stuff. More back
here stuff. That’s all my secret stash of stuff
that nobody’s allowed to touch.
LAURA: Look at him!
ZAC: Oh, I meant the other side.
LAURA: No!
LIAM: She wants him close behind her.
ZAC: Okay. I’m going to have to put my foot down
on there because now you have a really busy
background on one side and absolutely nothing on
the other.
LAURA: But how will I hug him if he’s all the way
on the other side?
ZAC: I don’t know. How’d you do it with the other
one all the way on the other side?
LAURA: You’re right. But he’ll be out of frame
because he’s tall.
ZAC: If he’s all the way in the corner, you
should be okay. Do you want to switch him?
The more we can get him into the corner, the more on-camera he’ll be.
The closer he is to you guys, the more off-camera he’ll be.
LAURA: He can go to the other side. No, that's a big pain.
ZAC: I like that the bear decided to respect our flooring.
RYAN: Little booties.
ZAC: Thanks for that. I’m glad the bear came
prepared for the green cyc. It’s really nice.
LAURA: I’ve got it.
LUCAS: Matt, is there anything special I need to
know?
MATT: You’re beautiful.
LUCAS: All right!
ZAC: This is a show in itself.
LAURA: I don’t want him to burn alive!
ZAC: That’s an LED light. We’re good.
LAURA: That’s where he goes.
ZAC: We’ll check that out.
LAURA: Look at him! Oh! He’s so cute!
ZAC: God. Here’s a close up on that badass dragon,
guys, which is pretty rad.
RYAN: The bear is half in the frame.
ZAC: Can we get these candles turned on?
RYAN: All the batteries are dead.
ZAC: Then grab the three candles that are
rechargeable from over there and put them back here.
These are also Philips candles that you guys
sent us that we want to eventually use
all of these because they’re much nicer and
they’re rechargeable, which will
save us a lot of money in the long run. These are
really cool. Check these out. They actually look
really nice. You turn them off. Turn them on! It’s
pretty dope.
TRAVIS: I’ve got a chicken question for you.
ZAC: Nope.
TRAVIS: Yep. It’s for you. Just need to know the
name of the place.
ZAC: Bravo Chicken.
LIAM: We don’t know who sent the bear probably
because we were so overwhelmed.
ZAC: Okay, guys, they don’t know who sent the
bear, so I’m going to put it on you Critters and
Team Hooman to find for us who sent the bear.
LIAM: So that we can thank you. We’ve got four
hours to find that out. I’m sure we can do it.
ZAC: Yeah. So let us know. DM us. Let us know who
sent the bear. Let’s see the rest of this place.
MARISHA: Hi Zac!
ZAC: What’s up? This is our lighting rig, by the
way. It's not very well put together because Lucas
and I did it. Look at this mess! All going up to
our very cheap set. This is Lucas’ setup, so you
guys see what he sees. That’s a lot of layers.
Yeah, Bravo Chicken. These are our layers.
Lucas is clicking things to look like he’s doing stuff.
LUCAS: The files are in the computer!
ZAC: We have our setup here. You can see we
duplicate this for No Survivors on Monday nights.
Then I’ve got a closeup right here of the close up
camera so I know when I need to run out there
really quick and fix it. This is also what I’ve
been working on is getting the stuff ready for
Warcraft tomorrow. We have to do a lot with a
small team. Always moving and shaking. It’s not
starting late tonight. For all you guys in Europe:
we have Daylight Savings Time over here. We didn’t
think to even tell everybody about that.
LIAM: All day.
SAM: It is cooler.
ZAC: We’ve got our two cameras here, guys. What
we do in program is we manipulate the image so we
cut it in half and crop it. We send each of these
inputs into--
MARISHA: (gasps) Ooh!
LAURA: I know, right? Do you want to show these on
the--
ZAC: Save it, dude!
LAURA: All right.
ZAC: We crop both inputs that run into the
computer. It’s kind of jambled up, the way we do
it, because we have, up here, our SDI connector
for the Black Magic. The only camera actually
running through that for this show is Matt’s
camera that’s a close up on him. Everything else
is going through our switchers up to the top and
then back around. Each camera goes into a separate
input. We have an SDI to HDI converter on each
line, that way we can crop it in the program. If we
try to crop it within Black Magic, it doesn’t
allow us for fast enough switching and it can
cause some problems with latency. So we do it all
within the computer within wire cast. That’s how
we do that. You can see we have all our audio
cables running in here with a bunch of extra lines
that we switch, depending on the show. This is our
upstage/downstage controller support. Yeah,
it’s a lot of stuff. We had to optimize everything
for a two-person team, which was really tough.
That noise?
MARISHA: Do you hear it?
ZAC: I did hear it. It did come out of the Beats.
The Beats are low on power. No, they’re not. I
think it’s just-- they’re not. They’re plugged in.
I think the power just got bumped.
TRAVIS: Bravo Chicken and Pizza on GrubHub?
ZAC: Yeah, Bravo Chicken and Pizza, I think. If you
search on GrubHub for fried chicken, it’ll come up.
MATT: That’s awesome! I haven't been able
to actually hold it in-person yet.
ZAC: Basically, guys, the reason we have a lot of
things set up the way we do is, as a two-person
team with a PA, we had to maneuver everything to
work in a way where the least amount of hands
could get the most amount of work done. Which
looks like a rat’s nest, and I understand that,
but we know what it all is, and we get it.
MARISHA: They’re cool!
TALIESIN: Oh wow!
ZAC: Coming up here real soon, guys, if you guys
didn’t see on our Amazon wish list, we put some
things on there that were camera attachments and
stuff. Why we’re doing that is we want to start
hanging-- sorry-- this camera from the ceiling. So
we have a top-down view of the map, and then we’re
going to have a TV on the wall up here so our
players back here can see what’s on the map. Up on
the TV, and then we’ll do an HDMI duplicator into
our board for all that good stuff. Hard to hear?
Sorry about that, guys. Basically, right now,
we’re doing a 45 degree angle down, but we’re
going to be fixing that soon and you guys have
pretty much gotten everything off of the wish list
that we need to do that. So by next Thursday,
we should have the top-down camera ready.
MATT: It’s going to be awesome! I’m so excited!
I’m so excited to have that! That way, the players
can see actually themselves easily on the
battlefield.
ZAC: I might have to buy a bigger TV.
MATT: We’ll see.
ZAC: Yeah, we might have to get a bigger TV. I
brought one home that’s a 27-inch. We’ll see if
it’s big enough for them to see back from there.
MATT: Worst comes to worst, then we’ll--
ZAC: All right. We’re two minutes, guys. We’re two
minutes out. As you guys know--
TRAVIS: I don’t know where this fucking chicken place is.
ZAC: Do you want me to do it? Are you that
incompetent?
TRAVIS: Yes! Jesus! Spell it out.
ZAC: Come over here, dude. Jeez. Yeah. Okay.
TALIESIN: How do you want me to do this?
ZAC: Yeah. How do you want me to baby you through GrubHub.
All right, guys, we’re getting ready for the show! We’re out!